Everyone feeling pretty good?
Do you feel like we're starting
to get the language a little bit?
Notice that we never really ran
into ownership problems, right?
The reason being is that ownership
problems are easier to avoid sometimes and
that last problem was pretty easy, right?
We had a static string, we refer to that
static string, something else owns it.
We're never going to own that string,
whatever we don't care.
We could have cloned it out and
then owned the string.
But why would you do that?
Right?
Why would you clone
something when it exists?
Always, so we refer to it,
it gave us each line.
Again we're just keep passing them along
as you just always treat your variable
as if only one person can have this thing
because even if you have a reference.
If you hand it to someone else they have
the reference just to always think of it
that way is that one person gets
to hold the thing, and that's,
it just makes it really easy.
So let's go on, let's do problem two.
So again, advent of code, yes.
But let's do something
with a bit more parsing.
I feel like it would be a little bit
more fun that last one is very trivial.
So thank you again, Mr. Santa advent
of code, check it out, great time.
So problem two, of course,
I dropped all the festivities and
we're not gonna actually solve
the problem cuz it's fairly verbose.
And you end up finding yourself,
just programming a whole bunch about
checking for undefines and all that.
We're just gonna parse the string.
I feel like that is a good thing to do.
So you're given these lines,
x1 x2, .2, x2, y2.
I say that I think I said the right x1 y1
I think I threw a two in the beginning but
either way, you get what I'm saying.
.1 points the .2.
You should only consider vertical or
horizontal lines.
So what does that mean?
That means either x1 equals y1, or
I mean x1 equals x2 or y1 equals y2.
And so here you go.
Here's the example output.
So we're gonna actually parse this
output and then we're gonna use it.
So this is a little bit more effort.
As you can see, we are gonna probably
use split once multiple times.
Does that sound about right?
And then while we're doing rust I'm also
gonna include some more trade operations.
And we're gonna actually start using
the language in a more idiomatic way
canonical way restasis way I'm not
really sure what the proper term is